well there isn't mushroom in this cave
haha that was terrible
what's going on guys my name is James or
Fang SIA and welcome back to another
minecraft mod spotlight and today we are
gonna be taking a look at the wild cave
smart so yeah this is actually a very
small work-in-progress mod however I
really really wanted to show you it
because I love the aesthetics and the
visual appeal of it so yeah a little bit
of a little bit of backstory basically
but um you know how we all play
Minecraft II yeah well as I'm sure you
guys know if you play survivor minecraft
a lot you have to do a lot of mining
therefore we spend a lot of time in
places like this we've you know stone
and gravel and a bit of or maybe a bit
of lava but after a while you've kind of
been there you've done that you've seen
it all before and visually it's a little
bit dull and lackluster well this mod is
attempting to kind of revamp and
re-energize the kind of caving and
exploring underground experience by
adding some really nice spawning
structures that just visually make the
place look a little bit nicer and this
is what this mod does so for example in
a standard kind of you know normal stony
bit or whatever it'll look a little bit
like this so it's not too overpowered
which is really nice however there's a
little different features and stuff in
here which I think are very very cool so
the first thing that you'll see hanging
from ceilings are these things here
called stalagmites
now stalagmites stalactites hang on
stalactite because they grip stalagmites
because they come from the floor yes
okay I think yes mmm that's my like 14
year old geography which is many years
ago now kind of maybe coming into
practice there mm-hmm but say yeah
anyway you have these fellow stalagmites
and stalactites and which can come from
the floor or from the ceiling and I do
actually believe they they might
actually grow with time because if they
do that's really really cool but this
one looks slightly longer than other
ones I've seen so possibly they might
grow which is a very very cool feature
but yeah you also get like things like
this which are mushrooms now these are
not any old mushrooms these are actually
glowing mushrooms so it's actually a
little bit bright here so it's kind of
cut this cut this letsplay off okay can
you see they actually emanate a glow
which is really really nice if you are
like caving and stuff because you can
kind of just about see you away without
having to use some torches it's kind of
really like a Twilight
t awsome e adventure e experience which
is why I really really like them so they
they come in three different colors I'm
gonna kind of explain that in a second
but I'm just gonna kind of do like a
walkthrough of the cave MBA you also
have these like skulls around basically
now I know these are kind of hard to get
and you know obviously you could use
this to kind of you know decorate your
house or you could you know use the
skulls and you don't have to get them in
the usual means but I think it looks
kind of gruesome because obviously you
know there's no bones or fossils or
anything in Minecraft world which is why
you know with all the mobs around it's
kind of cool just to have some kind of
gruesome reminder as the bad guys down
here so yeah kind of just walking
through here again there's plenty of
different styles and types of mushroom
and they all glow by the way this is one
of the big fellows over here and yeah
you can just carry on through I mean
this is kind of what the caves will look
like when you walk through them have
stalagmites and stalactite you have the
water these are special ice I sell ice
kind of like icicles likes icicles
that's kind of little bit weird as a
icicles that fall from the ceiling I you
know you've got your mushrooms and that
kind of stuff but yeah just just wanted
to kind of show you a few more of them
really because this is the full array of
them so for example here stalagmites
Telex heights oh that's kind of that's
probably like a one-block space so yeah
as you can see and they all come in
different sizes they also come in
different styles so for example these
are sandstone ones now these will form
in sort of sandstone II areas so
underground desert biomes I do believe
that it is actually biome specific which
is very very cool that's that's you know
really nice to see and as well as that
you also get things like these special
ice shrooms which I imagine do spawn
underneath the sort of tundra and the
the snowy biomes
which I also think is very very cool all
of which glow by the way shall we cut
the lights who are there you go see that
is cool as anything don't you think I
really really like that I just don't
know why I like this not so much but I
really think that it adds just a visual
spark to being underground and I kind of
like all the old offensive jazzy colors
and stuff but yeah it's just a small mod
but I really thought you guys would like
it and you know I thought you'd enjoy it
so it's one of those months that doesn't
change anything about the game apart
from
just the visuals which is why I really
like doing mods like this and because
yeah they're very very cool and yeah
just I like it I like it I don't know
Eva I like it so yeah anyway thank you
so much for watching the video guys I
hope you enjoyed it incidentally if this
is the first time you've ever seen any
of my videos my name is James or thanks
eeeh
and if you'd like to see some more
police instead of subscribing to the
channel or checking out some more of my
content and if you do I really hope you
enjoy it
also if you enjoy this video please
leave a like on it that would be super
appreciated whilst I shroom the place up
a bit haha
but yeah until next time thank you so
much for watching it has been a pleasure
as always thanks and see it